Docs/java example update (#7704)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/dev/example-app/java/index.md

this.transport = GrpcTransport.forConnectionString(connectionString)
        .withAuthProvider(CloudAuthHelper.getAuthProviderFromEnviron())
        .build();
this.queryClient = QueryClient.newClient(transport).build();
```

We recommend that you use the `SessionRetryContext` helper class for all your operations with the YDB: it ensures proper retries in case the database becomes partially unavailable. Sample code to initialize the retry context:

```java
this.retryCtx = SessionRetryContext.create(queryClient).build();
```

{% include [create_table.md](../_includes/steps/02_create_table.md) %}

> To create tables, use the `TxMode.NONE` transaction mode which allows to execute DDL queries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create tables, use the `TxMode.NONE` transaction mode, which allows the execution of DDL queries:
```

            + "  release_date Date,"
            + "  PRIMARY KEY(series_id)"
            + ")", TxMode.NONE).execute()
    ).join().getStatus().expectSuccess("Can't create table series");

    retryCtx.supplyResult(session -> session.createQuery(""
            + "CREATE TABLE seasons ("
            + "  series_id UInt64,"
            + "  season_id UInt64,"
            + "  title Text,"
            + "  first_aired Date,"
            + "  last_aired Date,"
            + "  PRIMARY KEY(series_id, season_id)"
            + ")", TxMode.NONE).execute()
    ).join().getStatus().expectSuccess("Can't create table seasons");

    retryCtx.supplyResult(session -> session.createQuery(""
            + "CREATE TABLE episodes ("
            + "  series_id UInt64,"
            + "  season_id UInt64,"
            + "  episode_id UInt64,"
            + "  title Text,"
            + "  air_date Date,"
            + "  PRIMARY KEY(series_id, season_id, episode_id)"
            + ")", TxMode.NONE).execute()
    ).join().getStatus().expectSuccess("Can't create table episodes");
}
```

{% include [../steps/03_write_queries.md](../_includes/steps/03_write_queries.md) %}

> To execute YQL queries, use the `QuerySession.createQuery()` method. It creates a new `QueryStream` object, which allows to execute a query and subscribe for receiving response data from the server. Because the write requests don't expect any results, the `QueryStream.execute()` method is used without parameters; it just executes the request and waits for the stream to complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To execute YQL queries, use the `QuerySession.createQuery()` method. It creates a new `QueryStream` object, which allows to execute a query and subscribe for receiving response data from the server. Because write requests don't expect any results, the `QueryStream.execute()` method is used without parameters; it just executes the request and waits for the stream to complete.
```

Code snippet demonstrating this logic:

```java
private void upsertSimple() {
    String query
            = "UPSERT INTO episodes (series_id, season_id, episode_id, title) "
            + "VALUES (2, 6, 1, \"TBD\");";

    // Executes data query with specified transaction control settings.
    retryCtx.supplyResult(session -> session.createQuery(query, TxMode.SERIALIZABLE_RW).execute())
        .join().getValue();
```

{% include [steps/04_query_processing.md](../_includes/steps/04_query_processing.md) %}

> Direct usage of the `QueryStream` class to obtain results may not always be convenient - it involves receiving data from the server asynchronously in the callback of the `QueryStream.execute()` method. If the number of expected rows in a result is not too large, it is more useful to use the `QueryReader` helper from SDK, which first reads all response parts from the stream and gives they all to the user in an ordered form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Direct usage of the `QueryStream` class to obtain results may not always be convenient, as it involves receiving data from the server asynchronously in the callback of the `QueryStream.execute()` method. If the number of expected rows in a result is not too large, it is more practical to use the `QueryReader` helper from the SDK, which first reads all response parts from the stream and provides them to the user in an ordered form.
```

{% include [param_queries.md](../_includes/steps/06_param_queries.md) %}

> Фрагмент кода, приведенный ниже, демонстрирует использование параметризованных запросов и класс `Params` для формирования параметров и передачи их методу `QuerySession.createQuery`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code snippet below demonstrates how to use parameterized queries and the `Params` class to construct parameters and pass them to the `QuerySession.createQuery` method.
```

}
```

{% include [async_requests.md](../_includes/steps/11_async_requests.md) %}

> If the expected count of the response rows is large, asynchronous reading is a more preferable way to process them. In this case the `SessionRetryContext` is still used for the retries, because the response parts processing can be interrupted in any moment and after that the entire process of executing has to restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the expected row count in the response is large, asynchronous reading is the preferred way to process them. In this case, the `SessionRetryContext` is still used for retries because processing response parts can be interrupted at any moment, requiring the entire execution process to restart.
```

            + "SELECT MIN(first_aired) AS from_date FROM seasons "
            + "WHERE series_id = $seriesId AND season_id = $seasonId;";

>     // Execute first query to start a new transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Execute the first query to start a new transaction
```

            + "SELECT season_id, episode_id, title, air_date FROM episodes "
            + "WHERE series_id = $seriesId AND air_date >= $fromDate AND air_date <= $toDate;";

>     // Execute second query with commit at end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Execute the second query and commit
```
